Add PP/SR survey results newspost (#6044)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-09-02-pp-sr-survey-results.md

![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-07-27-performance-points-star-rating-updates/star-rating.jpg)

Two weeks of voting later, and we now have a pretty solid picture of where the community stands on what is possibly one of the most contentious topics there is.

Interested in how it all went down?

[**Check out the full survey results here!**](https://assets.ppy.sh/pp-survey-results/viewer.htm?v=8)

The buttons on the side will group the results of the vote by rank group to help you get a better idea of where things sit higher (or lower) on the ladder and to make quick comparisons between them.

As an aside, we originally intended to run another version of this survey deliberately targeted at a small group of higher end players, but decided against it in the end after seeing significant high-ranked player representation in the early stages of the vote.

We're also choosing to avoid analyzing the results too extensively, as the survey is intended to be a reference point going forward for both the developers and the community at large over anything else.

> Thank you to everyone who participated, and we'll be taking your feedback on board to help us determine the way forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to everyone who participated. You can be assured that the team (and contributors helping with SR and PP updates) will be taking your feedback on board to help determine the way forward.
```
